## Hi there 👋

**NatureFinance** is an international not-for-profit organisation based in Geneva, Switzerland with a team distributed across the world. Our mission is to align global finance with equitable nature positive outcomes. Our strategic approach is driven by a profound understanding of the urgent, interrelated challenges of climate and nature loss facing our world today. We recognise the imperative to swiftly address the systemic role of finance in global warming and nature loss and to create a new architecture for an equitable global nature economy.

In collaboration with financial institutions and multinational organisations, NatureFinance works to leverage the role of finance in helping address the nature and climate crises in equitable, impactful and innovative ways. Our approach is grounded in visionary pragmatism, drawing on new and existing frameworks and partnerships to drive quantum shifts in the status-quo. We blend professionalism with creativity as we navigate the complex terrain of global finance at a systems level. Our focus is diverse and flexible, ranging from work that connects nature and climate to sovereign financing, to the analysis of the (mis)alignment of global investment with nature positive outcomes, to stress-testing new concepts in nature markets (e.g. biodiversity credits) and investing in innovative enterprises (e.g. bio-data metrics) that can help accelerate the measurement and delivery of nature positive outcomes. Additional information about NatureFinance can be found on our [website](https://www.naturefinance.net/).
